#summary jSocket Documentation
#labels documentation,Phase-Implementation,Featured
=jSocket Object=

==Constructor==

=== jSocket() ===
Contructor of our jSocket Object. 
Internal id registration takes place here.


==Methods==

===jSocket.setup(target)===
Call this method to setup the socket. [jSocket.setup] takes the required argument target, which should contain a [http://docs.jquery.com/Selectors jQuery Selector] that points to a container where jSocket will place the flash file in. After the DOM has updated and the flash file has loaded, it will fire [jSocket.onReady].

===jSocket.connect(host, port)===
Call this method to connect to a listening socket. Method takes two required arguments, host which should be a host name or a valid ip address to connect to, and port to indicate which port we are connecting on, Flash requires us to use ports above 1024 for security reasons. Once the connection process has finished it will fire [jSocket.onConnect].

===jSocket.send(data)===
Call this method to send data over the socket connection. Method takes one required argument, which should contain the data that will be sent over the connection.

===jSocket.close()===
Call this method to close the socket connection. It's important to know that this will *not* trigger the [jSocket.onClose] event


==Events==

===jSocket.onReady()===
Called by the socket when socket is ready for use.

===jSocket.onConnect(success)===
Called by the socket when socket has finished connecting.
success will either be true when the connection is estabilished or false when it failed.

===jSocket.onData(data)===
Called by the socket when socket has has received data.
data will contain the received data.

===jSocket.onClose()===
Called by the socket when socket has been closed on the other side.